I heard that the young grandmother and brother go to school here
My daughter is getting married to Xi Shao next month
At that time, I will be Xi Shao's mother-in-law
I scold you all because I look up to you.
Miss Xiao, why don't you take the children away?
But
The Xi family is not our little kindergarten
You can all do it.
Why are you bullying me and Mommy?
You're going too far.
What's wrong with bullying?
I'm not just bullying
I could even make your entire family homeless
wandering the streets
Go away
Stop
Son-in-law, you came just in time
Xiazhu bullied me and your brother-in-law
You've got to stand up for us.
But I see how you say it differently
You saw it all
My aunt, even if I marry Lily
You can't break into our family's banner either
Showing off your might outside
Qishan Eighth Road
Son-in-law, don't be angry
It's all my fault, it's all my fault
I'm leaving.
Hey Xiumei, wait for me.
Mommy
Will my brothers and I not be fired?
Don't worry, you did nothing wrong.
No one will fire you
Why is it that every time I see this child crying?
I feel bad.
Seeing him laugh makes me happy too
Does this child have anything to do with me?